Use the below buttons to find a player and a question.
What word do you hate hearing?
What word do you have a hard time pronouncing?
What is your go-to passtime during long meetings in work from home?
If you had to change your first name, what would you change it to?
What is the best non-curse-world one-word insult?
What is your favorite movie genre?
Describe your style in one word during college days.
What were you afraid of as a child which u're still afraid of?
What is a good spy codename for you?
If you could afford any car, which one would you drive?
What item is worth spending more money on?
Have you ever written a song for someone?
What is one thing you regret spending money on?
Which app do you use the most on your phone?
If you could be transformed into one animal, which one would you choose?
How do you usually answer the telephone?
What dish do you cook best?
What is your hidden talent?
Finish the phrase “the way to my heart is…..”
What is your biggest achievement this year?
What are you most looking forward to?
What never fails to make you laugh in your team?
Do you speak more than one language and speak one line in that language
Would you rather fly or have super strength aand what would you do with it?
If you could not work in this industry, what profession would you pursue?
Do you kill bugs you find inside or take them outside?
Would you rather travel to the past or to the future and why?
Street smarts or book smarts?
Do you have your own Netflix account or do you use somebody else’s?
What is your guilty pleasure?
Who is the most famous person you have met?
What was your last impulse buy?
What is not a big deal to most people but is torture to you?
What is the weirdest thing your pet does?
What are the least-likely three words someone would use to describe you?
What mythical creature would you believe was real?
What non-existent job do you wish existed?
What world record do you think you have a shot at beating?
What phrase do you find yourself speaking most during the call?
What fact about you might surprise co workers who have never met you in real life?
What is the funniest thing you ever witnessed during a Zoom meeting?
What is most likely to distract you when you work from home and how?
Do you wake up long before work, or right before you start working?
Which coworker never fails to cheer you up?
If you could meet any historical figure, who would you choose and why?
If the CEO asked for your advice, what would you say?
Who is your favourite famous person?
If you could give your past self advice, what would it be?
If you could have an unlimited supply of one thing, what would it be?
If your life was a story, what would it be titled?
What’s your favourite family tradition?
What’s the most interesting thing in your wallet or purse?
Have more time or have more money?
If you could teleport right now, where would you go?
What is the worst sound in the world to you?
If you could uninvent something, what would it be?
If you could live anywhere on this planet, where would you choose to live?
I would do just about anything for ________________.
What’s your favorite number and why?
What advice would you give your young self?
On a scale from one to ten, how good are you when it comes to keeping secrets
Have you ever stolen anything and what?
Would you rather have invisibility or flight?
If you had 25 hours a day, how would you use your extra time?
If you could commit any crime and get away with it what would you choose and why?
If you could be in any movie, what would it be and what character would you play?
What was the first thing you bought with your own money?
If you were a wrestler what would be your entrance theme song?
Did you ever skip work for a party?
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be and why?
If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
Would you rather be the funniest or smartest person in the room?
If you were independently wealthy and didn’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
How would your friends describe you?
If you could go to Mars, would you? Why or why not?
If extraterrestrials landed on earth and offered to take you with them, would you go?